REFLECT EVERY DAY: DOES TILEMAIN.MAP NEED A STATE MACHINE?


COLOR IDEAS
a2f9ea74 - some kinda green
white
dd96f9 - lavendery
ebc3fb - lavendery modulate for portraits
d8acf474 - Button mask with alpha on hover
1a0d1d - darrrk purple


---Card Color Categories--
95e0fa  - a kind of light blue
----
TODO: When doing another thing that requires input, try using _unhandled_input instead
Learn about why that's better
SCRATCHED: Scaling text down if it doesn't fit
TODO: Angry energy noise when you don't have enough energy

---CONSIDER: Your SFX player implements queues you can use for city builder's command pattern
--Just make a difference between adding for the first time and restoring for re-drawing or placing by hand
BUG: Can play cards during the commit decision.
BUG: Tile beneath kaiju remains dark after context window popup



---New map system nonsense---

1. Remove state machine from renderedtile for now (or leave as 'basic')
2. The RTSig/MapSig thing is mostly good, but we need to catch unhandled right clicks.

----

TODO:
	Make battle assignment a command like pilot movement now is
	
Event queue to handle card resolution & effects specifically? Doesn't all have to be a fat queue.

TODO - BUT LATER?: Panning the camera with a pilot selected will continuously rerun the pathfinding mechanism
#Which can cause stuttering. Try running it only after the camera is still.
TODO: Undo selection after assignment.
BUG: Unable to assign second pilot now
BUG: Shoving a kaiju after assigning keeps you assigned to the battle
BUG: RT reset still keeps the hover appearance on the kaiju you battled.
TODO: Add "determine legal selections" type function to Map BECAUSE we rerun it when we close context menus
TODO: Disable damaged pilots
TODO: Disable damaged Kaiju
TODO: Inspect graveyards/pilots/limbs?
TODO: Damage effect that shows a glimpse of what's lost?
TODO: Flee/Commit cycle for card battles
TODO: Win/lose state for battles
TODO: Add type interactions, and types to rendered_cards, including local terrain
TODO: Button modifier cards

STRONGLY CONSIDER (TODO): Implementing Memento and/or Command pattern. Possibly not needed in cards. Probably needed in city builder


	-



MINOR BUG: KAIJU PATHS MIGHT REDRAW EVEN IF NOTHING ENTERS? When 2 equally good paths are there?
POSSIBLE FIX: Check and see if anything on the path of it is in kaiju_blocks to see if a redraw is necessary.


LogicalTiles currently parent themselves directly to the map. Is it worth putting them in a dummy node called LogicalTiles?
We mostly access them through the variable on the map.

TODO:
	-Consider consolidating your string events into a global enum
	-When entering battle mode...Hide tilemain? Don't save/reload?
	-Some cleanup logic for context menus is living in TileMain. Probably shouldn't be.


DONE: How to reparent RPilot without changing position -- it's probably okay if it's part of the movingpilot state.

probably need to go A* instead of breadth-first cuz it's slow
act
